The Jerusalem channel is made with the support of you, our viewers.
Thank you for watching.
When I hear journalists and political activists making inaccurate accusations against Israel, even claiming that Israelis aren't legitimate Jews, the Bible verse that comes to mind is Revelation 1210, naming Satan as the accuser of the brethren.
The Jewish people are the people of the book.
Our elder brothers are patriarchs and matriarchs in the faith.
Satan uses various human agencies to accuse and slander Jews as well as Bible believing Christians day and night because it's his goal to persecute and destroy God's people before the imminent return of Jesus the Messiah.
This is such a serious issue that every pastor should be addressing.
So please stay with me and share this teaching.
Shalom, I'm Christine Dark.
The events of recent weeks have been dramatic, featuring a mix of diplomatic efforts towards peace and ongoing military tensions in the Middle East.
The timing of these advances toward war coincides with the Islamic fasting month of Ramadan and overlaps with the Jewish holiday of Purim, a holiday that commemorates the Jews' deliverance from annihilation.
The Middle East remains in a state of high tension
and Israel continues to sit at the center of these prophetic developments.
Meanwhile, despite all the good he's done, President Trump's Board of Peace is ominous in light of Bible prophecy and global cries for peace that will inevitably lead up to the advent of the world rule of the Antichrist, the so-called Peace Board, chaired indefinitely by President Trump,
held its inaugural meeting in Washington DC this month, February 2026, at the United States Institute of Peace, which has been renamed the Donald J. Trump United States Institute of Peace.
Member nations are from the Arabian Gulf, Central Asia, and other regions, with around 27 formal members, with more attending as observers.
And they've all pledged over $7 billion for Gaza relief and reconstruction,
while the USA has committed an additional $10 billion.
Many Bible prophecy observers and analysts see this peace board as potentially aligning with certain end-time biblical prophecies, such as the, quote, covenant with many that's prophesied in Daniel 927.
That verse describes a leader confirming an agreement with many parties, but the agreement will later be broken.
This doesn't mean that Trump is the Antichrist, but Bible prophecy experts believe he and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, could be setting the stage for a world leader to take over eventually.
In Revelation chapter 17, 10 kings are described as in-time emerging powers that will eventually decide to give their authority over to one central figure.
Some Bible analysts interpret the board's selective coalition
as resembling an early form of such an alliance, potentially challenging or supplementing traditional institutions like the UN.
Furthermore, according to the Apostle Paul in 1 Thessalonians 5-3, the cry for peace and safety will lead to sudden destruction.
The peace board's emphasis on Gaza reconstruction funding international commitments in Gaza amid a fragile ceasefire
echoes warnings of false peace announcements that precede a crisis.
This fits with broader evangelical views of Trump's prior efforts with Abraham Accords as being steps toward end-time scenarios.
Church leaders need to be teaching their congregations about Bible prophecies like Zechariah 14 or Ezekiel chapter 38 and 39 in which warring nations gather together against Israel.
Pastors need to be teaching that
Israel is not the problem, but Satan's desire to destroy God's people is the issue.
With the peace board's focus on Gaza, which belongs to Israel biblically, some Bible scholars see risks of pressure on Israel or coalitions forming in ways that will align with end-time encirclement narratives.
At this point, no definitive fulfillment of prophecy can be claimed, but events are ongoing and subject to change.
As of February 2026, the Peace Board is in its early operative stage, with questions lingering about long-term effectiveness and whether it will foster peace or face new obstacles.
Now this, according to Prophecy News Watch, a recent poll revealed that one in five Europeans say that they would actually prefer some sort of dictatorship in certain circumstances, and a quarter of Europeans admit that they would not mind
if a capable leader limited their democratic rights and acted without accountability, provided he would be effective.
The article said Europe may not be consciously seeking the Antichrist, yet millions of Europeans desire a unifying, powerful, and decisive leader who can represent the continent boldly and even stand firm against global powers like the United States.
Across Europe, people want a leader strong enough
to speak with one voice for Europe in a world of shifting alliances.
Someone who can negotiate firmly, protect European interests, and even confront other global powers without hesitation.
They want solutions that can cut through red tape, not endless debate.
They long for someone who can represent Europe with power on the world stage and protect the continent's interests.
Now the Antichrist, according to prophecy, will exploit precisely this human inclination.
He will arrive during a period of disillusionment and desperation, presenting himself as the answer to society's problems.
Those who long for a strong unifying figure will follow him eagerly, mistaking temporary order for trustworthy character.
Meanwhile, in light of activist journalist Tucker Carlson's recent combative interview,
with America's ambassador to Israel, Mike Huckabee, who was right concerning Israel?
But shouldn't we ask God's opinion on the matter as stated in the Bible?
You see, the nation of Israel was revived by God.
After centuries of exile, the modern nation of Israel is a direct fulfillment of biblical prophecies concerning the regathering and restoration of the Jewish people to their ancestral homeland.
In Ezekiel 36, God promised the Jewish people, I will take you from the nations and gather you from all the lands and bring you into your own land.
And I will give you a new heart and put a new spirit within you.
This was a prediction of the Jews' initial physical return that will be followed by the gula, their spiritual redemption.
That's why presently it's unrealistic for anti-Semites to expect all Israelis to act like set of king saints.
at this point, because the nation of Israel is in the ongoing process of their redemption.
Similarly, Isaiah chapter 11 foretold that the Lord will set his hand again a second time to recover the remnant of his people, and he will assemble the outcast of Israel and gather together the disperse of Judah from the four corners of the earth.
This refers to God recovering the remnant of Israel back to their land for a second major instance in their history after worldwide dispersion.
All of these prophecies in Ezekiel and Isaiah align with the establishment of Israel in 1948.
Following the Jews worldwide dispersion that was prophesied in Deuteronomy 28 and fulfilled historically through catastrophic events such as the Roman exile in 70 AD
and the Nazi Holocaust.
However, God's covenant with Abraham in Genesis chapters 12 and 17 guaranteed an everlasting promise of land ownership to Abraham's descendants through Isaac and Jacob.
I have to emphasize through Isaac and Jacob, Jacob was a name for Israel because some Jew haters are saying the land belongs to all of Abraham's descendants, including Ishmael and the Arabs
But God reaffirmed this covenant with Israel through Isaac and Jacob in Jeremiah 31 as being unbreakable.
Israel's miraculous comeback is part of the Almighty's sovereign plan, whether or not nations or individuals like Tucker Carlson or the Iranian Muah's approve.
To deny fulfillment of Bible prophecy would be to oppose God's declared purposes and scripture warns against resisting God's will.
In Romans 11, the Apostle Paul asked rhetorically, has God cast away his people?
And Paul answered strongly, certainly not.
God has not rejected his people, emphasizing that God has a future for Israel, a central role in end-time events.
Since the Bible portrays Israel's regathering in Ezekiel 36 and 37 as divinely orchestrated, despising and hating Israel risks opposing God.
who swore by his holiness to accomplish their regathering.
It's our duty as believers to recognize God's faithfulness to Israel and certainly it's the duty of church leaders to understand the times and communicate this understanding to their congregations.
If anybody huddly fights against Israel's restoration, they need to understand what I call the Gamaliel principle that's recorded in Acts 5 in the New Testament.
where an esteemed rabbi, Gamaliel, advised, if something is God's will, you cannot overthrow it, lest you even be found to fight against God.
Indeed, Gamaliel's counsel captures the gravity of opposing God's hand at work.
So quoting Acts 539, I would say to Tucker Carlson and all Jew haters, you cannot overthrow Israel, lest you be found to fight against God Almighty.
Now, the Hebrew word Satan means adversary, accuser, opponent, or one who obstructs.
The name Satan derives from the verb to attack.
Accuse, oppose, or plot against.
In the Hebrew Bible, Satan also appears with the definite article as Hasatan, meaning the Satan, or the accuser.
For example, in the book of Job in the Hebrew Bible,
The Satan accused Job of insincere faith and tested him with God's permission.
In Zechariah 3, the Satan stands to accuse the high priest Joshua.
In the ancient Greek translation of the Hebrew Bible, known as the Septuagint, Hasatan is translated as dabbles, meaning slanderer.
False accuser are a backbinder.
This is the direct source of the English word devil.
the derivation of the word means to throw, to hurl, false accusations, or slanders in order to damage someone's reputation.
In the New Testament, Satan and Diabolus are used interchangeably for the same evil entity.
For example, when Satan tempted Jesus in Matthew chapter 4, he was called the devil.
And Revelation 12 explicitly calls the dragon, the devil, and Satan, and the accuser of our brethren.
In fact, Revelation 12 explains Satan's hatred for Israel.
Anti-Semitism is a satanic strategy, and his failed attempts to stop the Messiah aren't encapsulated.
Revelation 12 is a highly symbolic chapter, symbolizing the history of Satan's ongoing war against God's plan, particularly against the seed of the woman, the Messiah.
First mentioned in Genesis 3.15, verses the seed of the serpent.
Revelation 12 depicts cosmic spiritual warfare against a woman who represents Israel.
Bible scholars know the woman in this chapter is Israel because she is closed with the sun and with the moon under her feet and she wears a crown of 12 stars.
These are all symbols equing Joseph's dream in Genesis chapter 27.
You see, scripture is the interpreter of scripture and that's a foundational rule in biblical hermeneutics.
We must always reject replacement theology, views that the church substitutes for Israel.
In Revelation 12, 5, the persecuted woman gives birth to a man child, the Messiah Jesus, who is to rule all nations with a rod of iron, quoting Psalm 29.
The child is caught up to God's throne picturing the Lord's ascension.
The dragon mentioned throughout this chapter is Satan, the old serpent.
having symbolically seven heads, ten horns, seven crowns, and a tail that sweeps one third of the stars to earth, referring to the third of God's angels who rebelled against God and fell with Satan.
Verses 7 to 9 describe war in heaven during which the archangel Michael and angels fight the dragon, and Satan is cast out to earth describing the future mid-tribulation event on God's timeline.
Then Satan furiously persecutes the woman Israel who has to flee to the wilderness for 1,260 days or three and a half years where she's protected and nurtured by God during the Great Tribulation period.
The woman is given two wings of a great eagle.
That's the same biblical imagery of the Jews' exodus from Egypt to make her escape while the dragon makes war on the remnant of true believers.
So the book of Revelation describes Satan's fall and his ongoing enmity towards the seed of the woman, referring to Messiah.
In the New Testament, the two titles of Satan and devil merge together and become synonymous.
Satan, the adversary and accuser, is equally the devil, the slanderer.
His core activity is false accusation, deception, and slander.
And that's why Jesus said in John 844 that the devil is a liar
and the father of lies.
So the slander against Israel seems to proliferate as this cosmic war is ongoing.
Did you know that Jews have had a continuous presence in the Holy Land, the land of Israel, since ancient times dating back over 3,000 years?
Despite two exiles, conquest and dispersions, Jewish communities have remained in places like Jerusalem, Hebron, Safid, and Tiberius
through every ruling empire up to the present day.
So this week, we want to debunk one of the vicious lies of Satan against the Jewish people, and it's vital that believers understand what's going on.
Some Jew haters are promoting the so-called Kazarian hypothesis to try to discredit Askenazi Jews of Central and European descent, claiming that their primary descendants of a semi-nomadic Turkic people called the Khazars,
who supposedly converted to Judaism around the 8th or 9th centuries.
Proponents of this theory, including Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and various conspiracy theorists, try to delegitimize Jewish identity.
When White Wing pundit Tucker Carlson interviewed Ambassador Mike Huckabee at Israel's airport, he suggested that the Israelis need to take a DNA test
Carlson's arrogant suggestion was repulsive in smacks of ignorance and prejudice.
Can you imagine such a thing?
Should Israelis all wear yellow stars to prove their Jews?
Strange that the jihadist don't need Jews to take a DNA test in order to target them to murder them.
In the nearly three-hour conversation at Tel Aviv Airport, Carlson challenged Ambassador Huckabee on biblical claims to land rights
questioning who qualifies as descendants of Abraham.
Carlson said, why don't we do genetic testing on everybody in the land and find out whose Abraham's descendants?
Well, how could we push back emphasizing the Jews' cultural, religious, historical, and biblical continuity?
The Qasar theory attempts to erase the Jews' indigenous Middle Eastern ties by falsely portraying Oscar Nazi Jews as colonizers from Europe.
This lander conveniently ignores the fact that more than half of Israel's Jewish population consists of Miss Rahi and Sephardic Jews who were expelled from Middle Eastern and North African countries, but they have direct 11-time routes.
Furthermore, Oscar Nazi Jews themselves have confirmed genetic links to ancient Judea.
The Anti-Defamation League labels the Cesar theory as an antisemitic hoax used to promote hate
Modern genetic research overwhelmingly rejects a caesar origin for ascanized Jews.
Genome-wide studies show that ascanized ancestry is a mosaic, primarily of ancient leventine that is Middle Eastern and European components.
We have no detectable markers linking ascanized Jews to Caucasian or Turkic populations that would represent the caesars.
Studies and journals reinforce that Askenazi Jews share a substantial genetic ancestry with Sephardic and Mizrahi Jews.
And all of them are from a common ancient Middle Eastern gene pool with European admixture having occurred during the diaspora.
But nothing points to a caesar wholesale replacement of Jewish Leventine roots.
Furthermore, the historic language of Askenazi Jews, Yiddish,
shows no Turkic influences from Caesarea.
Despite being debunked, the theory lingers infringe academic circles in antisemitic online forums and political rhetoric due to its usefulness to Jew hating.
But consider this, antisemites who promote slander against Jews and Israel conveniently erase the Jews who were expelled, dispossessed, or forced to flee from Arab and Muslim countries.
Today in Israel there are nearly 800,000 Jews from Morocco alone.
Add to them the ancient Jewish communities of Iraq, Egypt, Yemen, Lebanon, Syria, and Jordan.
These Jews were not Europeans parachuting into the Middle East.
They were indigenous to the region.
Many of their communities predate Islam by centuries.
This fact alone shatters the lazy claim that Jews are European colonizers and occupiers.
Jews are from Judea.
Arabs are from Arabia.
But acknowledging Ms. Rahi in Sephardic Jews ruins the narrative of haters.
And when a narrative depends on selective history, truth is the first casualty replaced by lies and slander.
So in summary, the Kazarian slander is not supported by evidence and serves as a lazy tool for misinformation rather than historic truth.
So, my friends, this would be a good time to review teachings on the evil tongue called in Hebrew, La Shon Hara, meaning literally evil tongue or evil speech.
This is one of the most serious sins in Jewish tradition encompassing harmful derogatory or damaging speech.
La Shon Hara refers to any negative or harmful statement about someone that lowers their reputation, causes emotional pain, financial loss, fear or anguish.
It includes slander, gossip, or even subtle put downs.
The evil tongue includes spreading a false report.
Going about as a tail bearer or repeating information about others.
Rabbinic sources derive the prohibition primarily from Torah verses such as Leviticus 1916.
Do not go about as a tail bearer amongst your people.
Or Exodus 23.1, you shall not spread a false report.
You shall not join hands with a wicked man to be a malicious witness."
Furthermore, Deuteronomy 24 and 9 admonishes, remember what the Lord your God did to Miriam on the way as you came out of Egypt, recalling Miriam's leprosy as punishment for speaking against your brother Moses.
Miriam's affliction, described in Numbers 12, teaches us that speaking ill causes spiritual and even physical disease
that isolates and disfigures, mirroring how gossip spreads contagion in harm's community.
The sages equate Lachon Hara, the evil tongue, on the same level as idolatry, adultery, and murder, since one act of murder kills one person, but Lachon Hara kills three, the speaker, the listener who accepts it, and the subject whose reputation is destroyed.
Mahmananese, the Ramban, defined La Shon Hara, as any speech that is publicized would damage someone's physically, emotionally, or financially.
The Talmud stresses that La Shon Hara causes the visiveness, animosity, and destruction of society.
Far worse than physical weapons, because it kills at a distance and irreparably.
Like scattering feathers, it cannot be gathered back.
Rabbinic thought urges
Extreme caution.
Think before speaking.
Cultivate an ayantova.
That means a good eye, meaning you decide to see positives in others and use speech to build up rather than tear down.
Guarding the tongue promotes life, health and harmony, while evil speech brings spiritual death and communal harm.
In essence, Proverbs 1821 teaches us that both death and life are in the power of the tongue.
So the ideal is to speak only words that edify, heal, and honor others.
For sure, the Jews and true believers throughout history have repeatedly been subjected to slander.
And if you've suffered, and we all have, here are some key biblical thoughts and principles on dealing with slander drawn from scripture.
Number one, trust God to defend you and to judge the slander.
This is because God sees hidden slander and he will not tolerate it long term.
Instead of taking revenge, commit your reputation and justice to him.
Psalm 101 5 declares, whoever slanders his neighbor secretly, I will destroy.
Whoever has a haughty look and an arrogant heart, I will not endure.
So God himself promises to act against secret slanderers.
Trust that he will handle your case.
The context of Psalm 37 verses 5 and 6
implies enemies who are speaking falsely.
It says, commit your way to the Lord, trust in Him, and He will act.
He will bring forth your righteousness as the light and your justice as the new day.
This promises that your integrity will shine through over time.
1 Peter 3, 16 declares, having a good conscience so that when you are slandered, those who revile your good behavior in Messiah may be put to shame.
Let's purpose to live, lamelessly,
So slander will rebound on the accuser.
After all, Romans 1219 declares, Beloved never avenges yourselves, but leave it to the wrath of God, for it is written, vengeance is mine, says the Lord, I will repay."
So don't retaliate.
God is the ultimate judge.
Now secondly, the Word of God teaches us to respond with blessing, not retaliation.
Jesus said in Matthew five in the beatitudes, blessed are you when others revile you and persecute you and utter all kinds of evil against you falsely on my account.
Rejoice and be glad for your reward is great in heaven.
So Jesus calls slander for his sake a blessing.
Rejoice in it as part of following him.
When we bless those who slander us, this actually breaks the cycle of evil.
Can you see that?
In summary, the Bible's overarching guidance is, don't slander back, don't seek personal revenge, and don't let it define or better you.
Instead, entrust the situation to God.
Live with integrity, so truth eventually prevails.
Bless your accusers and rejoice if it's for righteousness sake.
Jesus himself was slandered relentlessly, yet entrusted himself and his reputation to the Father.
This path leads to blessing, growth, and ultimate vindication.
But I do admit it's painful to watch God's chosen people Israel stand once again at the very eye of this maelstrom, the apple of God's eye encircled by nations in tumult.
The almighty watches and the end is not yet, but the signs of the Lord's imminent return multiply, and the faithful are called to stand vigilant in these climatic hours.
But meanwhile, it's vital for me to ask, do you know the Lord Jesus is Messiah and Savior?
These are dangerous times, but there's salvation in no other but the Lord.
He alone died for our sins as our mediator before God.
And God vindicated our Savior by raising Him from the dead.
The Lord Jesus Yeshua's His Hebrew name was foretold by the Hebrew prophets.
He alone is the way, the truth and the life of God.
He invites all of us to come to Him, to escape
the terrible judgments cataloged in the book of Revelation.
So if you've not yet confessed Jesus is Lord, I urge you to call in His name and believe that He is the Son of God who died for our sins and rose from the dead.
And then the Bible promises, you shall be saved.
And also you'll be ready for the soon and sudden appearing of the Lord.
And that's our blessed hope.
Amen.
I'd love to hear from you on social media or through our free Jerusalem channel mobile app.
Please follow all of our articles at substack.com and our videos at our Jerusalem channel, YouTube platform, as well as our website, exploits.tv, where you have the opportunity to join our every Friday fast for release of the captives and to support our broadcast and outreaches financially.
Finally, we invite you to sign up for our weekly email alert called exploits based upon Daniel 1132.
Declaring the people who know their God will be strong, not weak,
and will accomplish biblical exploits, the works of the Lord in the remaining time before His imminent return.
Let's keep contending for the faith and praying earnestly for the peace of Jerusalem and the entire region.
I'm Christine Darrick, Shalom and Maranatha.